Update `--mfa-mode` and `TELEPORT_MFA_MODE` reference docs for SSO MFA (#58843)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/teleport-connect.mdx

  It should not be modified.
</Admonition>

> ### tsh Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tsh environment variables
```

Under the hood, Teleport Connect uses `tsh` for several of its features. As a result, Teleport Connect
will respect [tsh Environment Variables](../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-environment-variables) in many cases.
This can make it easier to share common settings between `tsh` into your Teleport Connect App.

For example, instead of settings `ssh.addKeysToAgent=no`, you could set `TELEPORT_ADD_KEYS_TO_AGENT=no` in

> your shell startup file to configure both `tsh` and Teleport Connect.

Reviewer: This isn't as easy unfortunately. On macOS and Linux your shell files aren't evaluated when starting a desktop app. When you launch Teleport Connect through Spotlight, there's few env vars that are actually passed to the app and `PATH` is just `/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin`.

@gzdunek had this problem when working on auto-updates since client updates in tsh are controlled through env vars as well. For now we ended up including instructions how to set those env vars so that they're seen in Connect. But even that doesn't feel great and the UX is rather terrible, especially on Linux. https://goteleport.com/docs/connect-your-client/teleport-connect/#managed-updates-configuration

The alternative is to either:

* support every possible env var that tsh accepts as a Connect config option. Good UX, especially once we have a config editor in the app, but requires a lot of work and people are likely going to forget about adding new tsh env vars to Connect.
* add `tsh.envVars` config option to Connect which would be a map of env vars to pass to tsh. Terrible UX but it'd work with any option that tsh accepts.

The problem with either of those options is that there would be no way to override them on a case-by-case basis in Connect.

---

As for this section, I guess we could just do what Grzegorz has done in the auto-updates section for now.

Reviewer: So this section of the docs should really be called just "`tsh ssh` environment variables" I suppose. 😶

Author: That's perfect actually. That makes it a lot easier to enumerate the env vars that we actually support instead of saying "using these env vars sometimes does things in some parts of Connect". I'll do some testing, but I suspect that the following options could be used:
- `TELEPORT_MFA_MODE`: we could add an equivalent `ssh.mfaMode` config option
- `TELEPORT_ADD_KEYS_TO_AGENT`: same as `sshAgent.addKeysToAgent` config option
- `TELEPORT_HEADLESS_SKIP_CONFIRM`: same as `headless.skipConfirm` config option
- `TELEPORT_NO_RESUME`: same as `ssh.noResume` config option

  It should not be modified.
</Admonition>

### `tsh ssh` environment variables

> Under the hood, Teleport Connect uses `tsh ssh` to connect to Nodes. As a result,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, Teleport Connect uses `tsh ssh` to connect to SSH servers. As a result,
```

Within this doc page, "SSH node" is used only in the context of Connect My Computer, elsewhere we say "SSH server", e.g., https://goteleport.com/docs/connect-your-client/teleport-connect/#connecting-to-an-ssh-server

> Teleport Connect will respect many [tsh Environment Variables](../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Connect will respect many [tsh environment variables](../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-environment-variables)
```

> related to `tsh ssh`. This can make it easier to share common settings between `tsh` into your Teleport Connect App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
related to `tsh ssh`. This can make it easier to share common settings between `tsh` and Teleport Connect.
```

> Below is a list of environment variables supported by Teleport Connect for Node connections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of environment variables supported by Teleport Connect for SSH connections:
```

| Property | Default | Allowed Value(s) | Description |
|----------|---------|------------------|-------------|
| `TELEPORT_MFA_MODE` | `auto` | `auto`, `cross-platform`, `platform`, `otp`, or `sso` | Preferred mode for MFA and Passwordless assertions. |
| `TELEPORT_ADD_KEYS_TO_AGENT` | `auto` | `auto`, `no`, `yes`, or `only` | Controls how keys are added to a local SSH agent. "auto" adds the keys only if the agent supports SSH certificates, "no" never attempts to add them, "yes" always attempts to add them, "only" always attempts to add the keys to the agent but it does not save them on disk. |

> | `TELEPORT_NO_RESUME` | `false` | `true` or `false` | Disables SSH connection resumption. |

Reviewer: Should `TELEPORT_HEADLESS_SKIP_CONFIRM` also be added to the table? You mentioned it in your comment but it's not here.

> For example, instead of settings `ssh.addKeysToAgent=no`, you could set `TELEPORT_ADD_KEYS_TO_AGENT=no` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, instead of setting `"ssh.addKeysToAgent": "no"` in the config file of Teleport Connect, you could set `TELEPORT_ADD_KEYS_TO_AGENT=no` in
```

Author: I meant to remove this line actually
